<h1>Once again the robots saved the day...</h1>
<p>The owner has been gone for a month now. In the morning the supply of food for the cat ran out, just had the last portion. The bucket-sized robot fills the pet's bowl every morning and evening. This is his only task. The rest of the tasks are handled by other assistants - someone cleans the living room, someone cleans the toilet. A robot is gathering dust in the corner, which usually cooks food. In the closet, a robot was covered with cobwebs, which was engaged in shopping.</p>
<p>The feeding robot has a condition in case of lack of food and it went to the buyer robot. Using the homeGPS system, he easily found the door behind which the needed colleague was languishing. The function of breaking doors is not provided, and therefore the task "find the key keeper" is adjusted between other tasks. Despite the wide variety of home moving robots, there are assistants who do not need to move. In the corridor there is a huge machine with various small things, which gives out the necessary thing when typing on the command line. Robots have their own privileges, they do not print on the screen, but simply send the desired signal via bluetooth. Having approached the machine, the robot calls an assistant with several retractable limbs. Usually it is used as an auxiliary element to put something somewhere or get it. All doors are locked with electronic locks, since electricity is always available, it is produced either with the help of solar panels or with the help of a hydro generator, but for additional protection, in addition to the access card, the password changes daily. He drove up, received a magnetic permit, downloaded the access code and went to the door to the closet. Opening them, he drove off a couple of meters so as not to interfere. After all, we will need to close the door later. The feeding robot turns on the buyer, throws him bits of information about what to buy, in what quantity, adding the comment "urgent". The buyer has pre-loaded the host's payment details and is set by default to use them without special permission from the host for such low-cost requests. In case of a malfunction and the amount of small purchases will be prohibitive, the request is sent to the owner. The robot connects to the network, finds the nearest low-cost online stores, sends orders marked "paid by AI" to the basket, so there will be not a standard chime, but an electronic call between robots with order confirmation - it takes seconds. Order completed and paid. The feeding robot leaves the closet, the assistant closes the doors and takes away the key to the machine in the corridor.</p><p>Within a couple of hours, a small robot on wheels drives up to the house and pushes the order through special mini-doors (a box at the door, almost like a conveyor belt at the airport), reporting the success of the delivery via wi-fi, waiting on the street. The security robot receiving the goods, always at the door, opens the box on its side and draws the order into the apartment. Having passed the QR code, he informs all the robots in the house about the delivery via wi-fi, to which one of the assistants, who was waiting for this parcel, responds. The door robot allows the courier to return to the base, marking the receipt of the goods. The feeding robot picks up the package and adds it to its container. This way the cat will be able to eat again tonight.

</p>
